# Week 6 meeting minutes

### Bradley's feedback

* when you click on one pop over it should minimise the others
* or if mouse goes out of popover then make sure it disappears
* login is stretch feature
* bradley likes the login in the mockup
* the recommendations “here what other students asked for” is not good because it can only offer generic recommendations
* Bradley says that the individual search page is not necessary, unless we have time.
* colour coding from mockup is good, although not too many colours (3 or 4). We need to work out what is compulsory.
* Calendar could potentially show dates of assignments, exams, ect.
* need to decide what happens when you hover/click/the different courses
* good progress
* jack and chris to work on data entry
* we need to finish presentation by thursday
* create  a timeline of how the product looked as it became better.
* IMPROVE COMMUNICATION - this includes with bradley, and across team


### Other

1. Bradley wants to see a draft presentation
2. Draft poster required for the tutorial on Tuesday
3. Is Lim able to work on the frontend?
4. Need to fix: complete data not displayed for some courses
