## Week 8 Client Meeting Minutes

### Attendance
Clients: Bradley, Safeer, Ciaran

Team: Joseph, Manal, Thien, Yong Wei, Tom, Scarlett

Other Accenture Team (Postal Improvement): Sean, Crystal, Harrison

### Meeting Demo
* Joseph gave a quick demo of the web-app, showcasing the degree planner and its major features.
* The other Accenture team gave a demo of their package manager prototype.

### Suggestions
* Include information about courses that have further study options **[Backlog]**
* Consider displaying degree information somewhere **[Backlog]**
* Consider limiting the number of saved plans available on user pages **[Backlog]**
* Clear passwords on incorrect password by convention **[Backlog]**

### Other
* Look into internal server error bug related to the filter function **[Investigated, not reproducible]**
* Consider adding loading animation on user page (saved plans take a while to load after the server migration)
* Fix the filtering available courses feature when clicking on an elective slot in the planner. **[Done]**

### Future plans
* Joseph highlighted that the team is working on fixing all the bugs listed on GitHub.
* The team is focusing on recommendations, website security and customisation of the degrees as the major steps until the audit.
* Tom showed the prototype for customisation, in which Bradley said it was good progress.
* Bradley suggested thinking about how to run the project after TechLauncher ends: it will be a lot of work. Look into Canberra Innovation. Also think about roles and structure (startup, TechLauncher continuing project etc.).
* Bradley said Accenture would provide support for the project (in terms of project management etc.).
* Need to share vision of the project (more detailed than just "we want to continue").
* Bradley said there are no guarantees for interest in the project from higher up in Accenture. However, he said he was happy with the project and excited about its future.

### Audit and Showcase
* Bradley and Safeer said they could come to the final Audit.
* Team said they were going to work on the poster draft today.
* Bradley said the team should send the poster draft ASAP so he can give feedback.
* Furthermore, need to send an email to Bradley about the future plans for the project and who will be involved.
